urli
____

urli ("yur-lee") is a URL Incrementer that allows you to manipulate URLs.

Q:  What does it do?

A:  It lets you increment or decrement any part of a URL.  You can use it on
    gallery or thumbnail websites, forums, or any website that keeps its URLs
    organized sequentially by numbers.  It's similar to the FireFox "URL Picker"
    extension.

Features:
- Tries to guess what part of the URL you want to increment without you having
  to select it.
- Supports the following operations: Increment, Decrement, Clear, Fast
  Increment, and Fast Decrement.  (Fast allows you to increment or decrement
  instantly without having to enter Setup.)
- Customize and save your own shortcut keys and mouse buttons.
- Increment or decrement by any amount you want.
- Keep or remove leading zero (0) digits.
- A full-blown options page that allows you to enable/disable features, change
  default settings, and even specify your preferred selection algorithm.  More
  options coming in future updates.
- Developed with performance in mind -- if keyboard or mouse button shortcuts
  are enabled, urli only polls your system on the tab you have it enabled it
  on, and stops polling after you clear it.
- Robust algorithm that utilizes the DOM element's selectionStart property, so
  urli will always increment the *exact* part your mouse selected even if the
  selection appears multiple times in the URL.

Please contact me if ...
... You want a feature or option that is not currently in urli, or you have an
    idea that could improve urli.
... You want to contribute to urli -- translating it into other languages,
    adding to or improving the existing code, or anything else.
... You found a bug in urli.

E-mail:
roysix [at] fedoraREMOVETHECAPITALLETTERSproject [dot] org

urli is open source and you can view its code at the following URL:
http://code.google.com/p/urli/

Thanks so much for using this extension.

And also deep thanks to the following individuals:
- Coolio Wolfus
  2011-10-27
  For providing so many useful suggestions and assisting with a bug fix.
- Adam C
  2012-01-05	
  For providing useful information about a potential initialization bug.

Version History:
- Version 2.1
  2013-09-25-13
  Updated to manifest 2 in order to work with latest Chrome release. This release
  will not work with older versions of Chrome browser! After reading reviews, the
  "Fast" functionality is not set by default and added more event keys to be pressed
  (by default).
- Version 2
  2012-03-11
  Added Shortcut Mouse Buttons, Fast Functionality, and Advanced Options.
- Version 1
  2011-10-22
  First Release.
EOF
